hello and welcome to garden ville TV
here we are in mid-march were in the
garden and oh boy it's fantastic
this is the time to get out to the
garden and sort your problems out now we
have a problem here well you don't have
a problem it's just the time to prune
this now I'm going to ask you what it is
I have absolutely no idea
it's parofsky a Russian sage Persephone
eeeh lovely well it's not a bits not a
culinary sage yeah it has a lovely soft
feathery blue flower in the late rice
okay now it's already budding up here
and coming into leaf and generally
speaking it's late to come into leaf but
this is the amazing mild winter we've
had although it gets cut hard back at
this time of the year in March great
foliage plants bit like lavender end of
March beginning of April I have time
okay
spring Oh so I'm not too late with oh
you're not too late no no no even though
it's showing this all this growth oh
yeah we just chop that off because
otherwise if you get very lacks and open
okay so we want you to get sort of nice
and bushy oh yeah okay so we're going to
cut off all that and then we're going to
just see how this goes
yeah now Susan does this need extra
feeding or anything or watering right
notice this is very dry very dry
obviously if we have a scorching dry
somewhere you'd want to water this whole
bed but this will dis and mostly gray
foliage plants cope with dry conditions
yes we'll have you lit weeding to be
done yeah I can spot that that's weed
all right
I'm learning okay so you're gonna write
down yeah then it's a just flowers
yeah it'll grow these long sort of stems
these were last year's growth so to grow
up to about this sort of height okay
great
and have blue flowers in the end of the
summer terrific gorgeous it's got a soft
bluey gray foliage and these lovely
feathery blue
plumes of flowers on it in the late
summer that's super well if you're
growing anything like this in your
garden come in chairs with us at Garden
field of TV we're on Facebook Twitter we
want to hear from you do join in the
forum with a whole community
of people gardening www.engvid.com tell
the next time